What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a repository it automaticlly creates for you a hidden .git folder with files related to the history of the files in the repository. We need to do it to track the history of all of the files for later use.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is an area that is temporary between the repository and the working directory. In the staging area you can add a file to be ready for commit, or check the status of a file. The staging area is important because it's an intermediate working area for the files.

Git commands:
git log
git commit -m “message”
git commit
git status
git add file.ext
git diff id-old id-new (between repository versions)
git diff (between staging area and working directory)
git diff --staged (between repository and staging area)
subl file.ext (to open the file in the editor to update it)
git reset --hard (resets all changes in the working directory and the staging area)

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The staging area can be used to make sure we have one change per logical change by adding the file to the staging area then coparing the file to the working directory and comparing it to the latest in the repository too. To compare the staging area to the working directory you use "git diff" and to compare the staging area to the repository you use  "git diff --staged"

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches would help in keeping differen versions of the code seperated to seperate differnt modes of functionality or to addd and remove specific features and have both versions of the code running.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagram show the commits and the parents of each commit. It's very important if it's on a branch as the details show the changes in the branch and if the commit is not reachable it won't be visible in the "git log".

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
To merge two branches we checkout the branch we want to merge onto (keep its label), then we run the commang "git merge branchTo branchFrom". Then we delete the branch we merged from as we dont need the label for it anymore. 
We can use the command "git log --graph --oneline" to display a diagram which can show us which files have been merged from which branch to which. Merging two branches results in adding the files in one branch to the files in the current branch.

